Now, it's time for us to look at constructing our splash screen.
It's going to be very simple.
We're going to add a little animation.
It's going to be fun.
That's what splash screens are supposed to be fun, quick and and to the point, right?
Very simple.
So let's go to our main weather splash screen.
That is.
So this is where we are.
You can see it works fine because we have splash screens showing there, but that's not what we want.
Want something more elaborate because we are awesome developers.
So first thing's first, we're going to use our surface, our good friend surface, because it allows
us to create all sorts of widgets, create all sorts of fields, create the user interface that we need.
It's a canvas, most the most basic canvas, if you will.
So I'm going to pass a modifier here real quick, and I want to add a padding like that, and I want
about 15 deep looks like I have an issue here.
It didn't take my modifier as a modifier like this.
Let's also imports our deep.
Very good.
And I am also going to add something else, I'm going to say size.
Put this in the line.
And also, I'm going to add a size, I wanted to control this size of this.
Canvas or face 335bhp?
And then.
I'm going to also pass a shape that I want this to have, it's going to be a circle shape, very convenient.
Give it color, let's say color white.
And I want to add a border.
His forehead, when he supporters stroke and went past the width of this border is going to be about
two dpi and give it a color of color.
Light Grey.
A such.
All right.
So what are we doing here?
We can try to create this structure here.
OK, so inside of this structure, of course, what I want is I want to create I have this icon and
of course, a text, something like that.
Well, that tells me two things that tells me that I should have a structure, a layout structure widget
that will allow me to do so.
I had two things vertically.
And yes, a column.
Is it the best candidate?
So column.
And it would have passed if you arguments here, pass a modifier, this modifier here, I'm going to
say I want to padding to modifier padding of about one dpi, so not too much.
And then,
let's say horizontal alignment of same alignment.
Compose alignment, I want this to be center.
Let's try again.
Senator, horizontally and our vertical arrangement arrangement centers arrangement
appears to be center as such.
OK, so that means all the contents are going to be in a middle per se.
All right.
And let's go ahead and give it.
Put a text first just to see if we are on the right track and say, Find the Sun like this.
Let's go ahead and run.
So control are or shift 10 four windows.
OK, that looks good.
We have that nice circle with the stroke, right, the border stroke, I should say.
And looking good.
So that's not what we want.
We will also want to make sure that we have this icon here.
Now we could create or use the icons that compose already comes with, but they're very limited.
So I do have the few icons that I have as pages, as images that we can add into a project.
Again, you should have and will have access to all of this.
So what are we going to do in our tribal here?
This is where all of our assets that we want to use in our app, we add in this case, images and so
forth.
I'm going to copy them over.
So we have them again, all these assets you should have access to.
If anything, you can go to the kit repository and get them all of those assets and add to your project.
All right.
So I'm going to copy them over there.
A few.
OK, there we go.
So we have a few of these assets, I'm going to just click on them.
This is humidity, which you're going to use later.
And there's the pressure and so forth.
So I want to probably use this sunny.
I'm going to use this one.
I God, that looks exactly like that, right?
That's why I'm going to be doing and we have all that information.
So how do we create or add an image?
Well, luckily, we do have a widget or a composable we can use if I go ahead and say image as such
can see there's different flavors of image composable functions here.
The one we want is the first one, which allows us to pass a painter object.
OK, so hit enter.
And then here I'm going to pass the actual object or the actual image.
So how do we do that?
Well, first of all, because we know we said we want to pass a painter object near, say, painter
like that in my lap.
And here I'm going to pass a painter, a resource ID.
What that means is we need to go and fetch this ID that we get from trouble to get the image.
Very good.
How do we do that?
Well, to do so, we all we do, we have to invoke the R class resource class.
Now it's important to remember that it's kind of very interesting to get that class because if you wait
for a second, you say, Ah, again, see, now we have all these hours and you've got to be careful
because the order we want is our R, as I call it, which means it's going to be the R that is coming
from our packages.
So I'm going to go and find.
You need to go and find where it says something, calm that Bob and Jack weather forecast.
Now this has to be your own if you changed the package name.
Then you to find it, do not get any of these other offers.
You have to get this one because we want to be able to get resources of our project from our projects.
Does that make sense?
So get the R to import that has your package name of your entire app.
Very important.
OK.
And then right now, then when you say Typekit to access, you can go in and say, Travel a lot and
we're going to go and get this.
See, now we have access to all of the drivers that are inside of our travel folder.
So I wanted the Sun like this.
OK, very convenient.
Very good.
And because we need to pass a content description for visually impaired users, we can see that this
is a sunny icon.
OK?
There we go.
Now I want to do something else to this image because I want to make sure that it's small and is it
fits correctly so what I can do, it can pass a modifier of force after words.
And then I'm going to use the size to say, I want this to be about five foot 95 96 deep.
OK.
And before even that, I'm going to also pass the content scale.
Like this?
And I'm going to say content scale, I want this to fit their different variables I can pass here,
right?
I can say crop field bonds, full height inside and on and so forth, and you can explore all of those
if you want to buffet is perfect because everything is going to fit perfectly.
OK, let's see now how this will look.
That's right.
Uh huh.
Well, looks very nice, almost like what we have here.
That means then it was something else we need to do because see, find this on in this case here we
have this different color and it looks much better this way.
So we need to work on our text.
That's very easy.
All we have to do now, we have to style our text.
So when I say style.
And I'm going to use material theme and use typography when they use H5 like this to be slightly larger.
I'm going to give a color this color in this case, if you want to color light gray, right?
So it's going to be something like that, hopefully.
Let's go ahead and run.
Different ways to run this course.
It's right there.
Aha!
Now it looks better, looks exactly what we have here.
But again, so once we have the structure, the navigation, which was very important, you can see
now we can just focus on beautifying our user interfaces.
That is the beauty of compose in many ways, is because it's easy to put things together now, whatever
you can imagine in terms of the user interface.
You can actually build it once you understand how to lay things out using columns, how to leverage
the libraries that come with this toolkit compose it.
You can do all sorts of things, add images, you can scale those images, you can modify things using
modifier and so forth.
And just like that, we have this structure there.